_pages/carehome.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Senior Geriatric Care Facility
description: "Home is the first and the best option for the elders and we call it 'ageing in place'! However, many a
time, home fails to extend the support systems needed for adequate care giving during infirmity. As the age advances and
when the health diminishes the care interventions get intensifies, and mostly many chronic health conditions may demand
more professional care. This is when the institutionalized care comes as a probable option."
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /carehome/
redirect_from: /carehome.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>

  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />

  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">


  {% seo %}

  <meta name="keywords"
    content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology" />



  <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />





  <!--sidebar script start from here-->

  <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>

  <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  <script  >

    jQuery(document).ready(

      function () {
        jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -325 }, 500); });



        jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -325 }, 500); });



        jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -300 }, 500); });

      });

  </script>



  <!--sidebar script end from here-->

  <!--mobile menu start-->

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" type="text/css" />

  <script   src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"></script>

  <!--mobile menu end-->


  <!-- Google Analytics -->
  <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
  <script>
    window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
    function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
    gtag('js', new Date());

    gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
  </script>

  
<!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>

</head>



<body>

  <div id="servicebg">

    <div id="foot">

      <div id="fix">

        <div id="actual">



          <div class="ratexts">

            {% include menu.html %}

          </div>



          <div class="ratexts">



            <div class="onebythre">





              <div class="servicpagehd"><a>Geriatric Care Facility</a></div>

              <div class="bgtext">



                <p><strong>Are you looking for a place to keep your loved one?</strong></p>



                <P>

                  Home is the first and the best option for the elders and we call it"ageing in place"! However, many a
                  time, home fails to extend the support systems needed for adequate care giving during infirmity. As
                  the age advances and when the health diminishes the care interventions get intensifies, and mostly
                  many chronic health conditions may demand more professional care. This is when the institutionalized
                  care comes as a probable option.</p>



                <p>Our Geriatric Care Facility is for those who no longer fit to live in their own house due to ageing,
                  illness or disability and needs more intense professional care. In our care facility we care for the
                  bedridden elderly who needs long term care. Adequate health care, right nutrition and timely Nursing
                  intervention are the central activity to achieve the goal to promote quality to the life of infirm
                  elders.</p>



                <p>At our Geriatric Care Facility, you or your loved ones can feel safe and well looked after with the
                  highest standards of care that you'd expect from the leaders in long term care like advantAGE seniors.
                  Our staffs are experienced and adequately trained in long term care, helping with daily activities as
                  wellas specialist clinical care.</p>


                <div class="ratexts">

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/1.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/2.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/3.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/4.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/5.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/6.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>


                </div>


              </div>







            </div>



            <div class="onebyfour">



              <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img
                    src="/images/download.jpg" class="widimg" alt="download brochure button" /></a></div>



              <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons1.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons2.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons3.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons4.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons5.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons6.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>





            </div>





          </div>



          <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">

            <span class="scroll-top-inner">

              <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>

            </span>

          </div>





          {% include footer.html %}



        </div>

      </div>

    </div>

  </div>


  {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
  {% include chat.html %}
</body>

Commit message:

rewrite all meta descriptions with  'elder care services in bangalore'

_pages/carehome.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Senior Geriatric Care Facility
description: "Home is the first and the best option for the elders and we call it 'ageing in place'! However, many as time, home fails to extend the support systems needed for adequate care giving during infirmity. Advantage Seniors is known for elder care services in bangalore. Contact us for home care or care homes."
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /carehome/
redirect_from: /carehome.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>

  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />

  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">


  {% seo %}

  <meta name="keywords"
    content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology" />



  <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />





  <!--sidebar script start from here-->

  <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>

  <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  <script  >

    jQuery(document).ready(

      function () {
        jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -325 }, 500); });



        jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -325 }, 500); });



        jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () { jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({ right: 0 }, 500); },

          function () { jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({ right: -300 }, 500); });

      });

  </script>



  <!--sidebar script end from here-->

  <!--mobile menu start-->

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" type="text/css" />

  <script   src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"></script>

  <!--mobile menu end-->


  <!-- Google Analytics -->
  <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
  <script>
    window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
    function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
    gtag('js', new Date());

    gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
  </script>

  
<!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>

</head>



<body>

  <div id="servicebg">

    <div id="foot">

      <div id="fix">

        <div id="actual">



          <div class="ratexts">

            {% include menu.html %}

          </div>



          <div class="ratexts">



            <div class="onebythre">





              <div class="servicpagehd"><a>Geriatric Care Facility</a></div>

              <div class="bgtext">



                <p><strong>Are you looking for a place to keep your loved one?</strong></p>



                <P>

                  Home is the first and the best option for the elders and we call it"ageing in place"! However, many a
                  time, home fails to extend the support systems needed for adequate care giving during infirmity. As
                  the age advances and when the health diminishes the care interventions get intensifies, and mostly
                  many chronic health conditions may demand more professional care. This is when the institutionalized
                  care comes as a probable option.</p>



                <p>Our Geriatric Care Facility is for those who no longer fit to live in their own house due to ageing,
                  illness or disability and needs more intense professional care. In our care facility we care for the
                  bedridden elderly who needs long term care. Adequate health care, right nutrition and timely Nursing
                  intervention are the central activity to achieve the goal to promote quality to the life of infirm
                  elders.</p>



                <p>At our Geriatric Care Facility, you or your loved ones can feel safe and well looked after with the
                  highest standards of care that you'd expect from the leaders in long term care like advantAGE seniors.
                  Our staffs are experienced and adequately trained in long term care, helping with daily activities as
                  wellas specialist clinical care.</p>


                <div class="ratexts">

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/1.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/2.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/3.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/4.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/5.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>

                  <div class="onebyfour">
                    <a href="/gallery/"><img src="/images/gallery/care_home/thumb/6.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></a>
                  </div>


                </div>


              </div>







            </div>



            <div class="onebyfour">



              <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img
                    src="/images/download.jpg" class="widimg" alt="download brochure button" /></a></div>



              <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons1.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons2.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons3.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons4.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons5.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>

              <div class="iconcover" align="center"><img src="/images/icons6.jpg" alt="{{site.alt}}" /></div>





            </div>





          </div>



          <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">

            <span class="scroll-top-inner">

              <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>

            </span>

          </div>





          {% include footer.html %}



        </div>

      </div>

    </div>

  </div>


  {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
  {% include chat.html %}
</body>
