_pages/comacare.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Senior Coma Care
description: "Years in the long term care industry, advantAGE seniors is concerned with the care of coma patients in our
community. We believe and advocate that the comatose person also deserve the same care and attention as any other
patient."
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /coma-care/
redirect_from: comacare.html
links:
  - Geriatric Care Facility
  - Coma Care
  - Foster Care
  - Respite Care
  - Geriatric Counselling
  - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

  <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">
  {% seo %}
  <meta
    content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
    name="keywords" />

  <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  <!--mobile menu start-->
  <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
  <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
  <!--mobile menu end-->

  <!--sidebar script start from here-->
  <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <script  >
    jQuery(document).ready(function () {
      jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -325
        }, 500);
      });

      jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -325
        }, 500);
      });

      jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -300
        }, 500);
      });
    });
  </script>

  <!--sidebar script end from here-->
  <!-- Google Analytics -->
  <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
  <script>
    window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
    function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
    gtag('js', new Date());

    gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
  </script>

  <style>
    .ratexts.adjust {
      margin-top: -9px;
      margin-bottom: -9px;
    }
  </style>

  <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>

</head>

<body>
  <div id="servicebg">
    <div id="foot">
      <div id="fix">
        <div id="actual">

          <div class="ratexts">

            {% include menu.html %}


          </div>

          <div class="ratexts">

            <div class="onebythre">


              <div class="servicpagehd">
                <a >Coma Care</a>
              </div>
              <div class="bgtext">

                <p>Years in the long term care industry, advantAGE seniors is concerned with the care of
                  coma patients in our community. We believe and advocate that the comatose person
                  also deserve the same care and attention as any other patient.</p>

                <p>Riddled with uncertainty, a coma is one of the most frightening injuries, at least in
                  part because literally the life comes to a standstill for the comatose person as
                  well as the family and friends. Loosing hope is nothing but natural in the long
                  wait. But the good news is that people can and do survive comas. Over the last 15
                  years in long term care with a specialization in coma management, we felt a strong
                  need to fortify and bolster the family and friends morale, thereby providing the
                  best chances of a wake-up from deep sleep.</p>

                <p>After the initial shock, the family comes to the reality and stares at the fact, How
                  Long? Yes it’s a long wait. Uncertainty looms large for the family and friends. Most
                  of the families have no clue about caring protocol and are poorly informed of the
                  nursing outcomes. Few of the family get sucked into the vortex of despair and no one
                  coming forward to help and support. Majority of the family get unsolicited opinions
                  from multiple sources thus the decision making becomes difficult.</p>

                <p>Majority of Comatose patients are on life sustaining interventions like Tracheostomy,
                  Gastrostomy, Catheter and so on. Proper nutrition is essential to recovery, so
                  evaluations can be performed to determine the best means for a patient to maintain
                  adequate nutrition. The feeding tube will maintain proper nutrition until a patient
                  is able to swallow properly again. Several feeding tubes are common: the nasogastric
                  (NG) tube, which does not require a surgical procedure for use and is passed through
                  the patient’s nose and into the stomach; the jejunostomy (J) tube, which is
                  surgically inserted directly into the small intestine, and the gastrostomy (G) tube,
                  which is inserted directly into the stomach.</p>

                <p>The long period of inactivity that may be part of the comatose condition can cause
                  certain physical problems. Skin problems such as pressure ulcers can develop after
                  lying in one position for a long time. The best prevention is frequent inspection of
                  the skin and shifting and repositioning. Blood clots, called deep vein thrombosis
                  (DVT), may develop especially in the legs when patients have limited mobility. In
                  short prevention, maintenance and quality nursing care is what a comatose person
                  needs for his ‘recovery’.</p>

                <p>In short, it’s round the clock care and attention needed for a comatose patient in
                  the days to come. At this point, the family is utterly confused as how to cope with
                  the demands of intense care. Once a person is medically stable, transfer to a
                  long-term rehabilitation facility like our coma care facility. In our coma facility,
                  he or she will spend several hours a day in a structured rehabilitation program. The
                  goals of our coma rehabilitation includes minimizing morbidity, maintaining
                  functional positioning, hygiene, nutrition, and medication management, as well as
                  providing support for the person with a brain injury and his or her family. The
                  family will be relieved of the stress once the comatose person is under our care. We
                  provide the best possible care and assist the person in coma towards independence.
                </p>

              </div>

            </div>

            <div class="onebyfour">

              <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>
              <div class="iconcover">
                <a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img class="widimg"
                    src="/images/download.jpg" /></a>
              </div>

              <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons5.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons6.jpg" /></div>


            </div>


          </div>


          {% include footer.html %}


        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
  {% include chat.html %}
  <script defer 
    src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>

Commit message:

rewrite all meta descriptions with  'elder care services in bangalore'

_pages/comacare.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Senior Coma Care
description: "Years in the long term care industry, advantAGE seniors is well established in elder care services in bangalore and is concerned with the care of coma patients in our community. We believe and advocate that the comatose person also deserve the same care and attention as any other patient. "
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /coma-care/
redirect_from: comacare.html
links:
  - Geriatric Care Facility
  - Coma Care
  - Foster Care
  - Respite Care
  - Geriatric Counselling
  - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

  <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">
  {% seo %}
  <meta
    content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
    name="keywords" />

  <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  <!--mobile menu start-->
  <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
  <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
  <!--mobile menu end-->

  <!--sidebar script start from here-->
  <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <script  >
    jQuery(document).ready(function () {
      jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -325
        }, 500);
      });

      jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -325
        }, 500);
      });

      jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
        jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
          right: 0
        }, 500);
      }, function () {
        jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
          right: -300
        }, 500);
      });
    });
  </script>

  <!--sidebar script end from here-->
  <!-- Google Analytics -->
  <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
  <script>
    window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
    function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
    gtag('js', new Date());

    gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
  </script>

  <style>
    .ratexts.adjust {
      margin-top: -9px;
      margin-bottom: -9px;
    }
  </style>

  <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>

</head>

<body>
  <div id="servicebg">
    <div id="foot">
      <div id="fix">
        <div id="actual">

          <div class="ratexts">

            {% include menu.html %}


          </div>

          <div class="ratexts">

            <div class="onebythre">


              <div class="servicpagehd">
                <a >Coma Care</a>
              </div>
              <div class="bgtext">

                <p>Years in the long term care industry, advantAGE seniors is concerned with the care of
                  coma patients in our community. We believe and advocate that the comatose person
                  also deserve the same care and attention as any other patient.</p>

                <p>Riddled with uncertainty, a coma is one of the most frightening injuries, at least in
                  part because literally the life comes to a standstill for the comatose person as
                  well as the family and friends. Loosing hope is nothing but natural in the long
                  wait. But the good news is that people can and do survive comas. Over the last 15
                  years in long term care with a specialization in coma management, we felt a strong
                  need to fortify and bolster the family and friends morale, thereby providing the
                  best chances of a wake-up from deep sleep.</p>

                <p>After the initial shock, the family comes to the reality and stares at the fact, How
                  Long? Yes it’s a long wait. Uncertainty looms large for the family and friends. Most
                  of the families have no clue about caring protocol and are poorly informed of the
                  nursing outcomes. Few of the family get sucked into the vortex of despair and no one
                  coming forward to help and support. Majority of the family get unsolicited opinions
                  from multiple sources thus the decision making becomes difficult.</p>

                <p>Majority of Comatose patients are on life sustaining interventions like Tracheostomy,
                  Gastrostomy, Catheter and so on. Proper nutrition is essential to recovery, so
                  evaluations can be performed to determine the best means for a patient to maintain
                  adequate nutrition. The feeding tube will maintain proper nutrition until a patient
                  is able to swallow properly again. Several feeding tubes are common: the nasogastric
                  (NG) tube, which does not require a surgical procedure for use and is passed through
                  the patient’s nose and into the stomach; the jejunostomy (J) tube, which is
                  surgically inserted directly into the small intestine, and the gastrostomy (G) tube,
                  which is inserted directly into the stomach.</p>

                <p>The long period of inactivity that may be part of the comatose condition can cause
                  certain physical problems. Skin problems such as pressure ulcers can develop after
                  lying in one position for a long time. The best prevention is frequent inspection of
                  the skin and shifting and repositioning. Blood clots, called deep vein thrombosis
                  (DVT), may develop especially in the legs when patients have limited mobility. In
                  short prevention, maintenance and quality nursing care is what a comatose person
                  needs for his ‘recovery’.</p>

                <p>In short, it’s round the clock care and attention needed for a comatose patient in
                  the days to come. At this point, the family is utterly confused as how to cope with
                  the demands of intense care. Once a person is medically stable, transfer to a
                  long-term rehabilitation facility like our coma care facility. In our coma facility,
                  he or she will spend several hours a day in a structured rehabilitation program. The
                  goals of our coma rehabilitation includes minimizing morbidity, maintaining
                  functional positioning, hygiene, nutrition, and medication management, as well as
                  providing support for the person with a brain injury and his or her family. The
                  family will be relieved of the stress once the comatose person is under our care. We
                  provide the best possible care and assist the person in coma towards independence.
                </p>

              </div>

            </div>

            <div class="onebyfour">

              <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>
              <div class="iconcover">
                <a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img class="widimg"
                    src="/images/download.jpg" /></a>
              </div>

              <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons5.jpg" /></div>
              <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons6.jpg" /></div>


            </div>


          </div>


          {% include footer.html %}


        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
  {% include chat.html %}
  <script defer 
    src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>
