---
layout: page
title: Corporate Social Responsibility
description: Having a nurse in active congregational ministry provides a unique forum for health promotion and disease prevention. Members of a faith community, knowing that a Nurse/Volunteer is available on an informal basis, can discuss a health concern with the nurse before it becomes a chronic or serious condition.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /corporate-social-responsibility/
redirect_from: /csr.html
links:
  - Geriatric Care Facility
  - Coma Care
  - Foster Care
  - Respite Care
  - Geriatric Counselling
  - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

Having a nurse in active congregational ministry provides a unique forum for
health promotion and disease prevention. Members of a faith community,
knowing that a Nurse/Volunteer is available on an informal basis, can
discuss a health concern with the nurse before it becomes a chronic or
serious condition. Most often, parish nurses are connected to a
congregation, serving in a variety of ways, promoting health for the whole
person. Parish nurses act as health educators, personal health counselors,
health advocates, referral agents, coordinators of volunteers and
integrators of faith and wellness.

Nurses serving congregations is a relatively old concept being now revisited
by many churches across the world. Several factors have pushed parish
nursing to the forefront of church ministries and getting more relevance in
the present society. Unwanted hospitalizations, longer than desired hospital
stays, changing family structure, an aging population, rising health care
costs and increasing numbers of chronic illnesses have had an impact on
families and communities. In our country, many patients are ill advised for
hospitalizations, and medical treatment. Where can a family receive more
appropriate and authentic information and help? Through PHM, churches can
intervene in this situation and have developed different ministries to help
meet the health needs of their members as well as the community around the
church.

advantAGE seniors consulting envisioned parish nursing as a partnership
between healthcare systems and congregations, linking resources of the
healthcare system to the faith community. We recognize the church as being a
place that promote health and wholeness for centuries through worship,
music, sharing, and caring. In addition, communities of faith are an
institution that interacts with individuals from birth through death. So we
feel the church is duty bound to initiate PHM in every church across the
length and breadth of the country.

## Rural Interventions

No doubt we have a habitual liking towards village work. We believe that
real life exists in villages, though many disadvantages galore. We go to
villages for two things. First, to identify the prospective caregivers and
secondly, to create awareness about rural ageing. Undoubtedly, caregivers
are the backbone of elder care. Given the hardship and intricacies of full
time care giving, very few are willing to take up this job. Lives of many
less educated, distressed rural women continue to exist in despair. We tell
the gospel that there is hope in the form of a well-paid and well respected
job as a caregiver.

We create livelihoods for the deprived and the underprivileged women and
there by whole family is benefited. In short, we put back smile in many
lives whose life tottered with hopelessness. We are able to script a win-win
situation for the rural distressed women and at the same time getting care
to the needy person.

Every caregiver who work with us comes from the rural background. They all
have a common story of poverty, hardships, anguish, agony and sometime
destitution. We hand hold them in their misery and teach them the care
giving skills. This is a lifetime skill. Every story we scripted is mega
success. Our rural interventions bear fruit when our care givers reclaim
their life.

## Ashraya Seva Samasthe

We established “ashraya seva samasthe” in Haveri district to create
awareness about ageing as well as to look after the poor older adults. We
are in the process of initiating talks with the government for further
expansion to other areas.

Another initiative which is dear to advantAGE is “chinnara angala” which is
again to support the single parent. Most of the young single parents are in
a catch 22 situation that they are in dilemma as who will look after the
children when they go for work. This is where we want to have a hostel for
the kids where we provide food accommodation, and education easing the
troubles of single parenting and in turn the kids get good education.
