_pages/employee_recognition.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Employee Recognition
description: The commitment and effort our employees make on a daily basis help keep our clients at home where they want to be for as long as they want to be there. We are thankful to our employees for the hard work and special service they provide.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
published: false
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---


<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">
    {% seo %}
    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />


    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!--sidebar script end from here-->

    
    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->

    
    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>

    <!-- sidebar style -->
  <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        {% include menu.html %}

                    </div>

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        <div class="researchpagehd">
                            <a >Employee Recognition</a>
                        </div>
                        <div class="bgtext">

                            <P>
                                <strong>Employee of the Month</strong>
                            </P>
                            <p>The commitment and effort our employees make on a daily basis help keep our clients at
                                home where they want to be for as long as they want to be there. We are thankful to our
                                employees for the hard work and special service they provide.</p>

                            <h3>SEPTEMBER -16</h3>
                            <p>
                                <strong>Sumitha</strong><br />
                                Nominated by Amith Bhargava</p>

                            <p>Sumitha has always been very dependable. She goes out of her way to provide for any need.
                                She is a stickler to high standards of personal hygiene. She is always on time and never
                                complains. She is always very professional and dresses very well for the job.</p>

                            <h3>OCTOBER-16</h3>

                            <p>
                                <strong>SARASA
                                </strong><br>
                                Nominated by Abraham Thomas</p>
                            <p>Sarasa is prompt, thorough, compassionate and makes my father feel good. Her caring
                                attitude for my father was life changing. My father is demanding and mostly adamant and
                                finicky, but Sarasa is always at his beck and call. Even when we feel my father is
                                difficult, she kind of negotiate between us and bring peace. She is very compassionate
                                and no one could doubt her ability to keep cool in a crisis. She is a peacemaker.
                            </p>

                            <h3>NOVEMBER-16</h3>
                            <p>
                                <strong>Vijayalakshmi</strong><br />
                                Nominated by Tara Viswanathan,
                            </p>

                            <p>Vijayalakshmi is an exceptionally great caregiver to my mother in law. She never calls
                                off and has excellent communication with my mom-in law who is hard of hearing.
                                Vijayalakshmi works very hard and we all love her. She is very pleasant and respectful
                                to be around and never has an unkind word for anyone. She is an asset to your
                                organization.</p>


                        </div>

                    </div>


                </div>

                <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                    <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                        <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                    </span>
                </div>


                {% include footer.html %}

            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

    {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
    {% include chat.html %}
    <script defer 
        src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>

Commit message:

rewrite all meta descriptions with  'elder care services in bangalore'

_pages/employee_recognition.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Employee Recognition
description: The commitment and effort our employees make on a daily basis help keep our clients at home where they want to be for as long as they want to be there. We are thankful to our employees for the hard work and special service they provide. They hae made Advantage Seniors one of the best elder care services in bangalore.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
published: false
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---


<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">
    {% seo %}
    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />


    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!--sidebar script end from here-->

    
    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->

    
    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>

    <!-- sidebar style -->
  <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        {% include menu.html %}

                    </div>

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        <div class="researchpagehd">
                            <a >Employee Recognition</a>
                        </div>
                        <div class="bgtext">

                            <P>
                                <strong>Employee of the Month</strong>
                            </P>
                            <p>The commitment and effort our employees make on a daily basis help keep our clients at
                                home where they want to be for as long as they want to be there. We are thankful to our
                                employees for the hard work and special service they provide.</p>

                            <h3>SEPTEMBER -16</h3>
                            <p>
                                <strong>Sumitha</strong><br />
                                Nominated by Amith Bhargava</p>

                            <p>Sumitha has always been very dependable. She goes out of her way to provide for any need.
                                She is a stickler to high standards of personal hygiene. She is always on time and never
                                complains. She is always very professional and dresses very well for the job.</p>

                            <h3>OCTOBER-16</h3>

                            <p>
                                <strong>SARASA
                                </strong><br>
                                Nominated by Abraham Thomas</p>
                            <p>Sarasa is prompt, thorough, compassionate and makes my father feel good. Her caring
                                attitude for my father was life changing. My father is demanding and mostly adamant and
                                finicky, but Sarasa is always at his beck and call. Even when we feel my father is
                                difficult, she kind of negotiate between us and bring peace. She is very compassionate
                                and no one could doubt her ability to keep cool in a crisis. She is a peacemaker.
                            </p>

                            <h3>NOVEMBER-16</h3>
                            <p>
                                <strong>Vijayalakshmi</strong><br />
                                Nominated by Tara Viswanathan,
                            </p>

                            <p>Vijayalakshmi is an exceptionally great caregiver to my mother in law. She never calls
                                off and has excellent communication with my mom-in law who is hard of hearing.
                                Vijayalakshmi works very hard and we all love her. She is very pleasant and respectful
                                to be around and never has an unkind word for anyone. She is an asset to your
                                organization.</p>


                        </div>

                    </div>


                </div>

                <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                    <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                        <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                    </span>
                </div>


                {% include footer.html %}

            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

    {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
    {% include chat.html %}
    <script defer 
        src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>
