_pages/global_partners.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Global Partners
description: As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health needs is becoming increasingly challenging.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /global-partners/
redirect_from: /global_partners.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">

    {% seo %}

    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!-- sidebar script end from here -->


    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->


    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>
    <style>
        .ratexts.adjust {
            margin-top: -9px;
            margin-bottom: -9px;
        }
    </style>
    <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        {% include menu.html %}

                    </div>

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        <div class="onebythre">
                            <div class="franchaisepagehd">
                                <a >advantAGE Global Partner Program</a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="bgtext">

                                <p>The world is so expansive, and we are so distanced from other parts of the earth,
                                    that another continent can sometimes feel like another planet. Everything in this
                                    planet differ from place to place, country to country and continent to continent, in
                                    short, there’s difference in ideologies, religions, cultures, customs, and
                                    languages. Different foods, faces, and climates.</p>

                                <p>No matter where we are, despite the distance and the differing ways we live, there is
                                    one need that is constant in all parts of the world – the need for quality elder
                                    care. That’s why advantAGE seniors is trying to cobble up collaborations worldwide
                                    with the leaders in the aged care across the globe in order to promote ageing
                                    studies and development in the long term care. The program is called Global Partners
                                    in Care (GPC).</p>

                                <p>Global Partners in Care operates with the mission to create worldwide partnerships
                                    that enhance global compassionate care, and improve access to hospice and palliative
                                    care for all nations. This program enables us to support similar organizations in
                                    enhancing their knowledge base in aged care. The goal is for partners to engage in
                                    capacity-building, strategic planning, education, fundraising, and technical
                                    assistance to improve services for those in need.</p>

                                <p>Like minded long term care providers across the world are invited to join hands with
                                    us in our global partners in care program. Let’s make the world a better place for
                                    elders to approach the fag end of their life with dignity, care and hope.</p>


                            </div>


                        </div>

                        <div class="onebyfour">
                            <div class="franchaisepagehd"></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
                        </div>


                    </div>

                    <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                        <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                            <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                        </span>
                    </div>

                    {% include footer.html %}


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

    {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
    {% include chat.html %}
    <script defer 
        src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>

Commit message:

rewrite all meta descriptions with  'elder care services in bangalore'

_pages/global_partners.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Global Partners
description: As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health needs is becoming increasingly challenging. Advantage Seniors is well known for elder care services in bangalore.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /global-partners/
redirect_from: /global_partners.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---

<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">

    {% seo %}

    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!-- sidebar script end from here -->


    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/jquery.min.js"  ></script>
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->


    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>
    <style>
        .ratexts.adjust {
            margin-top: -9px;
            margin-bottom: -9px;
        }
    </style>
    <!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        {% include menu.html %}

                    </div>

                    <div class="ratexts">

                        <div class="onebythre">
                            <div class="franchaisepagehd">
                                <a >advantAGE Global Partner Program</a>
                            </div>
                            <div class="bgtext">

                                <p>The world is so expansive, and we are so distanced from other parts of the earth,
                                    that another continent can sometimes feel like another planet. Everything in this
                                    planet differ from place to place, country to country and continent to continent, in
                                    short, there’s difference in ideologies, religions, cultures, customs, and
                                    languages. Different foods, faces, and climates.</p>

                                <p>No matter where we are, despite the distance and the differing ways we live, there is
                                    one need that is constant in all parts of the world – the need for quality elder
                                    care. That’s why advantAGE seniors is trying to cobble up collaborations worldwide
                                    with the leaders in the aged care across the globe in order to promote ageing
                                    studies and development in the long term care. The program is called Global Partners
                                    in Care (GPC).</p>

                                <p>Global Partners in Care operates with the mission to create worldwide partnerships
                                    that enhance global compassionate care, and improve access to hospice and palliative
                                    care for all nations. This program enables us to support similar organizations in
                                    enhancing their knowledge base in aged care. The goal is for partners to engage in
                                    capacity-building, strategic planning, education, fundraising, and technical
                                    assistance to improve services for those in need.</p>

                                <p>Like minded long term care providers across the world are invited to join hands with
                                    us in our global partners in care program. Let’s make the world a better place for
                                    elders to approach the fag end of their life with dignity, care and hope.</p>


                            </div>


                        </div>

                        <div class="onebyfour">
                            <div class="franchaisepagehd"></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
                            <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
                        </div>


                    </div>

                    <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                        <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                            <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                        </span>
                    </div>

                    {% include footer.html %}


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

    {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
    {% include chat.html %}
    <script defer 
        src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>
