_pages/guidance_resources.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Guidance for senior care
description: As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health needs is becoming increasingly challenging.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /guidance-resources/
redirect_from: /guidance_resources.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---


<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">

    {% seo %}

    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!--sidebar script end from here-->


    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->




    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>

<style>
    .ratexts.adjust {
        margin-top: -9px;
        margin-bottom: -9px;
    }
</style>
    
<!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">
                        <div class="ratexts">

                            {% include menu.html %}

                        </div>

                        <div class="ratexts">

                            <div class="onebythre">

                                <div class="ccnpagehd">
                                    <a >Continuing Competency for Nurses - CCN</a>
                                </div>
                                <div class="bgtext">

                                    <p>
                                        <strong>Caring the whole person when they needed most</strong>
                                    </p>

                                    <p>
                                        As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require
                                        complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health
                                        needs is becoming increasingly challenging. A number of solutions have been
                                        developed to address this problem, but none is as personal and comprehensive as
                                        guided nursing as the nurse here works in partnership with a team of doctors to
                                        provide coordinated, patient –centred care to chronically ill patients.</p>

                                    <p>
                                        Guided Care is a new interdisciplinary health care model designed to improve the
                                        quality of life and efficiency of resource use for medically complex older
                                        adults. The Guided Care Nurse (GCN) performs an assessment, develops an
                                        evidence-based plan of care, monitors and coaches the patient in
                                        self-management, coordinates the patient's transitions, educates and supports
                                        family caregivers, and facilitates access to community resources.Guided care
                                        approach incorporates efficiency and cost-effectiveness to enhance the patient
                                        care at the same time responds to the special needs of patients with either
                                        chronic illness or co-morbidities. In short, the guided care nurses assesses,
                                        plans, monitors, educates, coordinates, empowers, and works with the community
                                        agencies to ensure that the patient's goals for health care are met.</p>

                                    <p>Established in 2001, with a strong commitment to community based resources and
                                        education, advantAGE seniors quickly became known as a professional and reliable
                                        long term care service provider where all clients are made to feel like a
                                        family. Coming to elder care we proudlyclaim that we set the standards in
                                        Bangalore and elsewhere.As part of our strategy to give impetus to the social
                                        gerontology education in India, we undertake Continuing Competency for Nurses
                                        (CCN) and is a five part series. Our CCN series is similar to that of Guided
                                        Care Nursing.</p>

                                    <p>In this regard, we are supported and guided by our team of experts from USA, Ms.
                                        Judith Parnes (Elderlife Management, NJ), Ms. Amy Cotton (National Gerontology
                                        Nurses Association, Maine) and Dr.Ibby Tanner (Johns Hopkins University,
                                        Baltimore). Developed by Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, Guided Care represents a
                                        new kind of health care delivery model that represents our deep interest in
                                        discovering new ways to bring higher quality primary care to older adults in a
                                        more cost effective way.</p>

                                    <p>From our past experience our inference is that guided care nursing have many
                                        benefits. It improves the quality of patient’s care, Reduces the use and cost of
                                        expensive services, Lessens family caregiver strain, and finally Improves
                                        physicians’ satisfaction with chronic care. By listening to these series of
                                        lectures that involve these useful topics, you will be well prepared to care
                                        thechronically ill patient, and more specifically providing quality health care
                                        services to the aging population and their families.KEEP LEARNING…..</p>

                                </div>


                                <div class="ccnpagehd">
                                    <a >Retirement Readiness Programme - RRP</a>
                                </div>
                                <div class="bgtext">

                                    <p>In view of the ageing population, retirement planning becomes increasingly
                                        important nowadays, especially in our country where social "welfarism" is
                                        uncommon. In view of the graying population and declining birth rates, seniors
                                        are forced to increasingly dependent on themselves for survival after
                                        retirement. Many people will have to look after their very old parents despite
                                        their own retirement needs. Thus, early planning is essential for a secure
                                        retirement.</p>

                                    <p>It is common that many people feel frightened and insecure when approaching
                                        retirement. Instead accept and understand retirement for what it really
                                        represents. We see retirement as an ongoing process of exploration and change
                                        into a phase of "new beginnings" for the next 30 days years or so. Retirement is
                                        an opportunity to plan and set goals for the rest and best years of your life.
                                        Who would want to withdraw and retreat when starting a new period of life that
                                        may last for another 30 or more years?</p>

                                    <p>
                                        advantAGE seniors undertake a pre-retirement consultation with our clients in
                                        the months leading up to retirement. If you are approaching retirement, you
                                        should seriously consider attending our retirement counseling. We would like to
                                        pierce through the misconceptions about this phase of life and reminded people
                                        that retirement is not an end, but rather a new beginning - an opportunity for
                                        growth, creativity and the discovery of one's authentic self. If you ever plan
                                        on "retiring", make sure you retire on purpose.</p>


                                </div>


                            </div>

                            <div class="onebyfour">

                                <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>
                                <div class="iconcover">
                                    <a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img
                                            class="widimg" src="/images/download.jpg" /></a>
                                </div>

                                <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons5.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons6.jpg" /></div>


                            </div>


                        </div>

                        <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                            <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                                <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                            </span>
                        </div>


                        {% include footer.html %}

                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
        {% include chat.html %}
        <script defer 
            src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>
</body>

Commit message:

rewrite all meta descriptions with  'elder care services in bangalore'

_pages/guidance_resources.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Guidance for senior care
description: As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health needs is becoming increasingly challenging. Contact Advantage Seniors which is well established in elder care services in bangalore.
image: /images/servicebg.jpg
permalink: /guidance-resources/
redirect_from: /guidance_resources.html
links:
    - Geriatric Care Facility
    - Coma Care
    - Foster Care
    - Respite Care
    - Geriatric Counselling
    - Family Care Giver Counselling
---


<head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">
  <link rel="icon" href="/images/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">

    <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport">

    {% seo %}

    <meta
        content="seniors care, elder care, assisted living homes, coma care, dementia care, Alzheimer's care, respite care, foster care, hospice care, domicilary care, Geriatric Care Facility, old age home, bed ridden patients, Intervention patients, tracheotomy patients, colostomy, catheter, nasal feeding, PEG feeding, geriatric counseling, senior counseling, old age care, home nursing, elderly care taker,senior care giver,trained home nurses, trained senior carer, gerentology experts, research, seminar, international faculty in gerentology"
        name="keywords" />

    <link href="/assets/css/advant.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

    <!--sidebar script start from here-->
    <script src="/sidebar/jquery.js"  ></script>
    <link href="/sidebar/sidebar.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script  >
        jQuery(document).ready(function () {
            jQuery("#facebook_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#facebook_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#twitter_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#twitter_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -325
                }, 500);
            });

            jQuery("#testimoni_right").hover(function () {
                jQuery(this).stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: 0
                }, 500);
            }, function () {
                jQuery("#testimoni_right").stop(true, false).animate({
                    right: -300
                }, 500);
            });
        });
    </script>

    <!--sidebar script end from here-->


    <!--mobile menu start-->
    <link href="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <script src="/respmenu/responsivemobilemenu.js"  ></script>
    <!--mobile menu end-->




    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-140719676-1"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag() { dataLayer.push(arguments); }
        gtag('js', new Date());

        gtag('config', 'UA-140719676-1');
    </script>

<style>
    .ratexts.adjust {
        margin-top: -9px;
        margin-bottom: -9px;
    }
</style>
    
<!-- sidebar style -->
  <style>
  .newformbord {
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    border: 1px solid #99CC00;
    font-size: 11px;
    line-height: 20px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #333333;
    text-decoration: none;
    height: 20px;
    width: 138px;
  }

  .blacktext {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 12px;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #666666;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .gren {
    font-family: Arial;
    font-size: 0.8rem;
    line-height: 18px;
    font-weight: normal;
    color: #009900;
    text-decoration: none;
  }

  .p-2 {
    padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  }

  .contact-card p {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-size: 0.9rem;
    line-height: 1.2;
  }

  .contact-card h3 {
    margin: 0 !important;
    font-weight: bold;
    padding-bottom: 0.5rem;
  }

  .e-broch {
    position: static !important;
  }

  #facebook_right, #twitter_right {
    top: 15%; 
    right: -325px; 
    border: 1px solid #822206;
  }
</style>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="servicebg">
        <div id="foot">
            <div id="fix">
                <div id="actual">

                    <div class="ratexts">
                        <div class="ratexts">

                            {% include menu.html %}

                        </div>

                        <div class="ratexts">

                            <div class="onebythre">

                                <div class="ccnpagehd">
                                    <a >Continuing Competency for Nurses - CCN</a>
                                </div>
                                <div class="bgtext">

                                    <p>
                                        <strong>Caring the whole person when they needed most</strong>
                                    </p>

                                    <p>
                                        As Indians live longer, many develop chronic health conditions that require
                                        complex care. Caring for older adults with chronic conditions and complex health
                                        needs is becoming increasingly challenging. A number of solutions have been
                                        developed to address this problem, but none is as personal and comprehensive as
                                        guided nursing as the nurse here works in partnership with a team of doctors to
                                        provide coordinated, patient –centred care to chronically ill patients.</p>

                                    <p>
                                        Guided Care is a new interdisciplinary health care model designed to improve the
                                        quality of life and efficiency of resource use for medically complex older
                                        adults. The Guided Care Nurse (GCN) performs an assessment, develops an
                                        evidence-based plan of care, monitors and coaches the patient in
                                        self-management, coordinates the patient's transitions, educates and supports
                                        family caregivers, and facilitates access to community resources.Guided care
                                        approach incorporates efficiency and cost-effectiveness to enhance the patient
                                        care at the same time responds to the special needs of patients with either
                                        chronic illness or co-morbidities. In short, the guided care nurses assesses,
                                        plans, monitors, educates, coordinates, empowers, and works with the community
                                        agencies to ensure that the patient's goals for health care are met.</p>

                                    <p>Established in 2001, with a strong commitment to community based resources and
                                        education, advantAGE seniors quickly became known as a professional and reliable
                                        long term care service provider where all clients are made to feel like a
                                        family. Coming to elder care we proudlyclaim that we set the standards in
                                        Bangalore and elsewhere.As part of our strategy to give impetus to the social
                                        gerontology education in India, we undertake Continuing Competency for Nurses
                                        (CCN) and is a five part series. Our CCN series is similar to that of Guided
                                        Care Nursing.</p>

                                    <p>In this regard, we are supported and guided by our team of experts from USA, Ms.
                                        Judith Parnes (Elderlife Management, NJ), Ms. Amy Cotton (National Gerontology
                                        Nurses Association, Maine) and Dr.Ibby Tanner (Johns Hopkins University,
                                        Baltimore). Developed by Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, Guided Care represents a
                                        new kind of health care delivery model that represents our deep interest in
                                        discovering new ways to bring higher quality primary care to older adults in a
                                        more cost effective way.</p>

                                    <p>From our past experience our inference is that guided care nursing have many
                                        benefits. It improves the quality of patient’s care, Reduces the use and cost of
                                        expensive services, Lessens family caregiver strain, and finally Improves
                                        physicians’ satisfaction with chronic care. By listening to these series of
                                        lectures that involve these useful topics, you will be well prepared to care
                                        thechronically ill patient, and more specifically providing quality health care
                                        services to the aging population and their families.KEEP LEARNING…..</p>

                                </div>


                                <div class="ccnpagehd">
                                    <a >Retirement Readiness Programme - RRP</a>
                                </div>
                                <div class="bgtext">

                                    <p>In view of the ageing population, retirement planning becomes increasingly
                                        important nowadays, especially in our country where social "welfarism" is
                                        uncommon. In view of the graying population and declining birth rates, seniors
                                        are forced to increasingly dependent on themselves for survival after
                                        retirement. Many people will have to look after their very old parents despite
                                        their own retirement needs. Thus, early planning is essential for a secure
                                        retirement.</p>

                                    <p>It is common that many people feel frightened and insecure when approaching
                                        retirement. Instead accept and understand retirement for what it really
                                        represents. We see retirement as an ongoing process of exploration and change
                                        into a phase of "new beginnings" for the next 30 days years or so. Retirement is
                                        an opportunity to plan and set goals for the rest and best years of your life.
                                        Who would want to withdraw and retreat when starting a new period of life that
                                        may last for another 30 or more years?</p>

                                    <p>
                                        advantAGE seniors undertake a pre-retirement consultation with our clients in
                                        the months leading up to retirement. If you are approaching retirement, you
                                        should seriously consider attending our retirement counseling. We would like to
                                        pierce through the misconceptions about this phase of life and reminded people
                                        that retirement is not an end, but rather a new beginning - an opportunity for
                                        growth, creativity and the discovery of one's authentic self. If you ever plan
                                        on "retiring", make sure you retire on purpose.</p>


                                </div>


                            </div>

                            <div class="onebyfour">

                                <div class="servicpagehd">Download Brouchure</div>
                                <div class="iconcover">
                                    <a href="/images/downloads/Brochure.pdf" target="_blank"><img
                                            class="widimg" src="/images/download.jpg" /></a>
                                </div>

                                <div class="servicpagehd">Geriatric Care Facilitys</div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons1.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons2.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons3.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons4.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons5.jpg" /></div>
                                <div class="iconcover"><img alt="advantage seniors" src="/images/icons6.jpg" /></div>


                            </div>


                        </div>

                        <div class="scroll-top-wrapper ">
                            <span class="scroll-top-inner">
                                <i class="fa fa-arrow-up"></i>
                            </span>
                        </div>


                        {% include footer.html %}

                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        {% include sidebar-brochure.html %}
        {% include chat.html %}
        <script defer 
            src="//instant.page/3.0.0" ></script>
</body>
</body>
